expose Pkl's textmate grammar in the repo (#4)
apple/pkl-vscode: DEVELOPMENT.md

Prior to launching, ensure the project environment is set up by running `npm run build:local`.

The local development environment requires that the [esbuild Problem Matchers](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=connor4312.esbuild-problem-matchers) plugin is installed into VSCode.

## Changing the grammar

The Pkl grammar is generated from `src/pkl/pkl.tmLanguage.pkl` and stored in `grammars/pkl.tmLanguage.json`.
To generate it run `npm run build` or `npm run build:local`.

> The generated grammar should be commited along with the Pkl source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The generated grammar must be committed along with the Pkl source.
```
